more error tracking docs (specifically rules) (#11924)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/error-tracking/monitoring.mdx

---

> title: Error monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Searching and monitoring issues
```

---

## What is an issue?

Errors are captured as `$exception` events which means that you can create insights, filter recordings, trigger surveys, and more in the same way you can for any other type of event.

> Exception events are grouped into issues based on event information, such as the exception type, message, and stack trace. The data used for grouping depends on what is available.
> We're working on improving our grouping algorithm. If you spot two issues that you think should have been one, or one issue that you think should have been split into two, please [let us know in-app](https://us.posthog.com#panel=support%3Afeedback%3Aerror_tracking%3Alow%3Atrue).
> Bear in mind that you can also combine two issues by [merging them](/docs/error-tracking/monitoring#merging-issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exception events are grouped into issues based on event information, such as the exception type, message, and stack trace. The data used for grouping depends on what is available. 

We're working on improving our grouping algorithm. If you spot two issues that you think should have been one, or one issue that you think should have been split into two, please [let us know in-app](https://us.posthog.com#panel=support%3Afeedback%3Aerror_tracking%3Alow%3Atrue).

You can also manually combine two or more issues by [merging them](/docs/error-tracking/monitoring#merging-issues).
```
